Test control on time based tests (#6469)
http4s/http4s: docs/contributing.md

  testing.
* For assertions in tests using `assertEquals(a, b)` is preferable to `assert(a == b)`. 
  It brings nice diffs on assertions failures. For more details, see the [MUnit docs].
* For time sensitive tests, where the passing of time is a factor in the logic that the
  test is checking on, and that operates in the `IO` context,  consider using the mock 

>   runtime provided by `cats.effect.testkit.TestControl`. Fore mode details check out the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  runtime provided by `cats.effect.testkit.TestControl`. For more details check out the
```
